everyone
If your children
It really caused food poisoning in our hotel.
you
There is evidence of course there is
This is the certificate issued by the hospital.
It happened after you had eaten here
This is just a certificate issued by a private hospital
Easy to check
If your children really eat in our hotel
Caused by food poisoning
Then please go to three stores for inspection.
By the way, Xiaoya
Did you save the meal that caused poisoning last time?
I have sealed it all.
Very good, then send it to the judicial supervision agency
Be sure to check
Or was it something else?
Boy, you're clearly stalling
Don't worry.
I am Xiao Yuntian from the Xiao family in the capital
I will fully support you in this matter today.
Everyone must ask for an explanation
Get justice
We're not going to check
Who knows where your black hands have reached
You must pay the price
You don't need to check
The result I want
What!
I have the test results from the tier 1 hospital
Your children
Not at all.
Is this all a farce made by you?